[WIP] TELCODOCS-1540: Installing SNO clusters with the SiteConfig Operator (#78153)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cnf-cluster-instance-cr-conditions-reference.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * edge_computing/installing_with_siteconfig_operator/cnf-understanding-siteconfig-operator.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="cnf-clusterinstance-conditions-reference_{context}"]
= ClusterInstance CR conditions

> The samples resource maintains the following conditions in its status:

Reviewer: This section needs to be introduced a bit better - it feels a bit disconnected from the other section. A natural flow is missing...

.ClusterInstance CR status conditions
[cols="2", options="header"]
|====

|Condition
|Description

|`ClusterInstanceValidated`

> |Indicates that the {sco} validated the `ClusterInstance` data after the `ClusterInstance` CR was created on the hub cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Indicates that the {sco} validated the `ClusterInstance` spec fields and verified that the required artifacts (such as secrets and extra-manifest configmaps) are present.
```

|`RenderedTemplates`

> |Indicates that {sco} successfully validated the cluster templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Indicates that {sco} successfully validated the referenced Golang cluster templates.
```

|`RenderedTemplatesValidated`
|Indicates that the {sco} rendered the installation manifests and the dry run was successful.

> |`Provisioned`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`RenderedTemplatesApplied`
```

> |Indicates that the {sco} generated the installation manifests and the installation program consumed the manifests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Indicates that the {sco} created the installation manifests and the underlying operators consumed them.
```
